hello welcome to my a lego city review
of the policeman or something like that
sorry I don't know the name show you the
box now a picture of this app lego man
and back shows you know better yeah
country this nothing that you open up
shows you're all the other sets here the
other set from lego city police or
something and so she would ever since
yeah i show you all the other mini sense
that's what i call them this is lots of
them shows also shows you the
instructions the building the lego man
and his dog woof um so she built in it
or building more building your building
yeah it shows you the finished and onto
the lesser of the one mini figure 8
angry-looking policemen
face well just say he's got an angry
look even though you can't say white hat
I think his shirt is really detailed it
even comes with shiny badge and shiny
buns oh yeah and yeah that's Dominican
give you a little free 61 yeah and it
also publish this dog / woof yeah it's
only one piece pitito I'm gonna come to
this little piece here to hold his
equipment let's stop sign and s
walkie-talkie like a blue blue things
yeah blue pieces and it comes here this
my speed camera yeah
little squeeze that says 50 yeah
and yeah and thank you for watching my
reveal the lego city I'm set up there
policeman um sorry but i haven't
mentioned on my other sets all these
sets fool i've done all these sets and
they all cost one pound 95 on lego calm
but i got from Lars very dear to 49 but
it like it's the only place you can get
in my daughter yeah okay thank you for
watching my video please rain comment
and rate 5 stars first ours yay